feat(health): add primary system UUID and static labels to telemetry (#4041)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/architecture/health_aggregation.md

This assessed health status is built by comparing the metrics that are emitted from BMCs against well-defined
ranges or by interpreting the `health_ok` values provided by BMCs.

> For production deployments, `nico-hw-health` discovers machine, switch, and power-shelf BMC endpoints from NICo API via `[endpoint_sources.nico_api]`. Machine endpoints carry the inventory metadata needed to interpret hardware health in fleet context, including machine ID, primary Redfish system UUID, serial number, rack ID, rack placement, and NVLink domain UUID when present. Switch endpoints carry switch ID, serial number, and rack placement when present. Local and test deployments can instead configure explicit machine, switch, or power-shelf identity with `[[endpoint_sources.static_bmc_endpoints]]`; static machine endpoints can include the same serial number, rack placement, and NVLink domain UUID metadata, static switch endpoints can include serial number and rack placement metadata, and all static endpoints can provide `rack_id` and validated custom telemetry `labels`. The primary Redfish system UUID remains BMC-derived and cannot be overridden by a custom label.

Reviewer: Let's split this up for easier reading.

```suggestion
**For production deployments**, `nico-hw-health` discovers machine, switch, and power-shelf BMC endpoints from NICo API via `[endpoint_sources.nico_api]`.

Machine endpoints carry the inventory metadata needed to interpret hardware health in fleet context. This includes machine ID, primary Redfish system UUID, serial number, rack ID, rack placement, and NVLink domain UUID when present.

Switch endpoints carry switch ID, serial number, and rack placement when present.

**For local and test deployments**, you can configure explicit machine, switch, or power-shelf identity with `[[endpoint_sources.static_bmc_endpoints]]`. Note the following:

- Static machine endpoints can include the same serial number, rack placement, and NVLink domain UUID metadata
- Static switch endpoints can include serial number and rack placement metadata
- All static endpoints can provide `rack_id` and validated custom telemetry `labels`
- The primary Redfish system UUID remains BMC-derived and cannot be overridden by a custom label
```

The publishing sinks expose that inventory context using the conventions of the target backend:
- `[sinks.prometheus]` adds machine metadata as metric labels named `machine_id`, `system_uuid`, `serial_number`, `rack_id`, `machine_slot_number`, `machine_tray_index`, and `nvlink_domain_uuid`; switch metadata uses `switch_id`, `serial_number`, `rack_id`, `switch_slot_number`, and `switch_tray_index`. Static endpoint custom labels keep their configured names.

> - `[sinks.otlp]` adds machine metadata as OTLP resource attributes named `machine.id`, `system.uuid`, `rack.id`, integer `machine.slot_number`, integer `machine.tray_index`, and `nvlink.domain.uuid`; switch metadata uses `switch.id`, `rack.id`, integer `switch.slot_number`, and integer `switch.tray_index`. Static endpoint custom labels keep their configured names.

Reviewer: Blanks around lists, break up for clarity
```suggestion

- `[sinks.prometheus]` adds _machine_ metadata as metric labels named `machine_id`, `system_uuid`, `serial_number`, `rack_id`, `machine_slot_number`, `machine_tray_index`, and `nvlink_domain_uuid` _Switch_ metadata labels are `switch_id`, `serial_number`, `rack_id`, `switch_slot_number`, and `switch_tray_index`. Static endpoint custom labels keep their configured names.
- `[sinks.otlp]` adds _machine_ metadata as OTLP resource attributes named `machine.id`, `system.uuid`, `rack.id`, integer `machine.slot_number`, integer `machine.tray_index`, and `nvlink.domain.uuid`. _Switch_ metadata labels are `switch.id`, `rack.id`, integer `switch.slot_number`, and integer `switch.tray_index`. Static endpoint custom labels keep their configured names.
```
